README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="HELLO WORLD.jpg" alt="Banner" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">😎 Hi, I'm Priyanshu Verma</h1>
<h3 align="center"> ( Developer / Programmer ) | B.Tech CSE</h3>

<p align="center">
📍 Kolkata, India <br>
🚀 Actively looking for Internship / Freelance Projects
</p>

---

## 💻 About Me
- 🎓 B.Tech Computer Science Engineering student  
- 🧠 Trained in Full Stack Web Development (MERN Stack)  
- 🛒 Built real-world E-commerce application (**Savitri Jewellers**)  
- 💬 Developed a real-time WebSocket Chat Application  
- 🔍 Working across multiple tech stacks: Web, Backend, Databases & ML  
- ⚡ Quick learner with strong problem-solving mindset  
- 🌱 Eager to learn and adapt to new technologies and domains  

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack
**Languages:** C, C++, Java, Python, JavaScript  
**Frontend:** HTML, CSS, React.js  
**Backend:** Node.js, Express.js  
**Databases:** MongoDB, SQL  
**ML & AI:** NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Data Analysis, AI-assisted Development  
**Tools:** Git, GitHub, Postman, VS Code, Linux (Basics)

---

## 📌 Featured Projects
🔹 **Savitri Jewellers – MERN E-commerce App**  
🔹 **Air Quality Index Prediction (Machine Learning)**  
🔹 **WebSocket Chat Application**  
🔹 **Image Gallery & Portfolio Websites**


---

## 📫 Contact Me
📧 Email: priyanshuverma8541@gmail.com  
💼 LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/priyanshu-verma-4633b8254  
🌐 Portfolio: https://portfolio-pied-three-46.vercel.app/

---
⭐ If you like my work, consider following!

Commit message:

Update About Me section in README
Expanded the description of Full Stack Web Development training to include exposure to Machine Learning concepts.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="HELLO WORLD.jpg" alt="Banner" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">😎 Hi, I'm Priyanshu Verma</h1>
<h3 align="center"> ( Developer / Programmer ) | B.Tech CSE</h3>

<p align="center">
📍 Kolkata, India <br>
🚀 Actively looking for Internship / Freelance Projects
</p>

---

## 💻 About Me
- 🎓 B.Tech Computer Science Engineering student  
- 🧠 Trained in Full Stack Web Development (MERN Stack) with exposure to Machine Learning concepts 
- 🛒 Built real-world E-commerce application (**Savitri Jewellers**)  
- 💬 Developed a real-time WebSocket Chat Application  
- 🔍 Working across multiple tech stacks: Web, Backend, Databases & ML  
- ⚡ Quick learner with strong problem-solving mindset  
- 🌱 Eager to learn and adapt to new technologies and domains  

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack
**Languages:** C, C++, Java, Python, JavaScript  
**Frontend:** HTML, CSS, React.js  
**Backend:** Node.js, Express.js  
**Databases:** MongoDB, SQL  
**ML & AI:** NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Data Analysis, AI-assisted Development  
**Tools:** Git, GitHub, Postman, VS Code, Linux (Basics)

---

## 📌 Featured Projects
🔹 **Savitri Jewellers – MERN E-commerce App**  
🔹 **Air Quality Index Prediction (Machine Learning)**  
🔹 **WebSocket Chat Application**  
🔹 **Image Gallery & Portfolio Websites**


---

## 📫 Contact Me
📧 Email: priyanshuverma8541@gmail.com  
💼 LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/priyanshu-verma-4633b8254  
🌐 Portfolio: https://portfolio-pied-three-46.vercel.app/

---
⭐ If you like my work, consider following!
